[NOJIRA] Initial release (#1)
bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-xcodebuild-cache: README.md

# Restore xcodebuild Bitrise Build Cache

[![Step changelog](https://shields.io/github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-xcodebuild-cache?include_prereleases&label=changelog&color=blueviolet)](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-xcodebuild-cache/releases)

Restores the DerivedData folder and the related metadata from Bitrise Build Cache to speed up subsequent builds.

<details>
<summary>Description</summary>

This step is the pair of the [save-xcodebuild-cache step](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-save-xcodebuild-cache) and can be used to restore xcodebuild cache archives from the Bitrise Build Cache. 

> As xcodebuild only reuses DerivedData if the input files' modification time is the same, the step also restores the modification time of the input files (project files including source code files) from a metadata file stored along the

Reviewer: > use the same build settings/settingsas

What did you want to write here?

Reviewer: Also pls check the newline, seems placed wrongly

Reviewer 2: Please edit step.yml for description, as README is autogenerted.

Author: oh, good to know :D

DerivedData folder. Please use the same build settings/settingsas when the cache was saved to ensure the cache is restored correctly.

NOTE: you need to have an activate Bitrise Build Cache Trial or Subscription for your workspace to use this step.

</details>

## 🧩 Get started

Add this step directly to your workflow in the [Bitrise Workflow Editor](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/steps-and-workflows/steps-and-workflows-index/).

You can also run this step directly with [Bitrise CLI](https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise).

## ⚙️ Configuration

<details>
<summary>Inputs</summary>

| Key | Description | Flags | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `project_root_path` | Path to the root folder of the project to be built | required | `.` |

> | `cache_key` | Path to the root folder of the project to be built |  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cache_key` | The key used to store the cache archive |  |  |
```
